W-16945201 Added more details for using in prompts Einstein (#51)
mulesoft/docs-idp: modules/ROOT/pages/creating-document-actions.adoc

. Click *Run* to analyze the document again and see the results of the prompts.
. Click *Save*. 

== Analyze Documents With Einstein

> By default, IDP uses its natural language processing model (IDP NLP) to extract data based on the configured prompts. When you create a document action, you can specify in each prompt the model that analyzes the document and produces a response.

Author: ```suggestion
By default, IDP uses its natural language processing model (IDP NLP) to extract data based on the configured prompts. When you create a document action, you can specify in each prompt the model that analyzes the document and extracts the data.
```

> By default, IDP uses its natural language processing model (IDP NLP) to extract data based on the configured prompts. When you create a document action, you can specify the model that analyzes the document and produces a response for each prompt.

Author: ```suggestion
By default, IDP uses its natural language processing model (IDP NLP) to extract data based on the configured prompts. When you create a document action, you can specify in each prompt the model that analyzes the document and produces a response.
```

To analyze the document with Einstein: 

. <<add-prompts, Add a new prompt and run a document analysis>>.
. Locate the results in the *Outputs* panel. 
. Click the dropdown button (image:prompt-dropdown.png[4%, 4%, "The prompt dropdown icon."]), next to a prompt's result.
. Select the response labeled *Einstein*.

> When you query a published a document action, IDP returns one response per prompt based on the model selected when creating the document action. 

Author: ```suggestion
When you query a published document action, IDP uses the model selected in each prompt to extract the data for the corresponding field.
```
